Voice messages, so today we are going to talk
about such a number complete facility, it is
basically SSC board complete, it
is insurance, it is basically a solution
product, it can be divided into four types in 16 seas,
meaning Omprakash has
different products available, which is
Help cereal, it takes chilli flakes
and Health Plus, like you
can see in this table or chat me,
in the first column your health seat
is covered and in it some special
plus in the
feature of Halal, along with plus
you will be seeing three more pieces and
in healthy diet, which is behind the help plus
and some you want to add behind it, there are
many health related features in Health Lite Plus,
some you will see here and some
things are listed here, so in today's video
we are going to talk about Help Chill
product, so while
giving more attention to this video, we will talk about it behind the exit, the
first feature of health
policy is that if any more debt is incurred in this patient,
you can get your name registered in it,
whatever application you should have, lakhs  10 lakh
25 lakh Shanidev will be retrograde,
you can get that done before taking this passbook, it should be
more than a certain amount or there
is no limit and you
can select MS Word, it starts with
subscription, okay, after that you can
subscribe to as many as you want, then
I give you an option
Lord of all the Lokas, it is strange,
see from Kunj, I will
comment in the link in this available description, you can check,
okay,
you
can also subscribe to that in MS Word,
this treatment
Ayurvedic hospital
Unani
homeopathy,
if you
can subscribe here, you will get an
option,
if you
network then you get it there, but if you
subscribe then you have to reverse it here,
okay, second is in benefits, if you
go then 12 years is given on yellow meeting,
if you have any salary, if you have any disease then
you have been given two years wedding pay there, so
whatever disease you have, if you use it then you will
not get it for that disease.  You can do it from 8, for that
you can click, okay, unlimited
reset is given in this policy,
you do not get unlimited,
what happens with the first limit, suppose if you
subscribe,
if due to some disease or
any other reason you have completely
subscribed to the medical, okay, the
companies charge that much money, they do
not pay for the time left, okay,
what will happen at that time, your
unlimited recharge will be done, if in the same policy
year if you get aspiration
due to some other disease, then due to getting unlimited
reset, you will again get ₹ 1000000,
okay, but
if you have such a disease, even in the second class,
what kind of disease is it, then it will
not be unlimited, it is the same person, but
different diseases, it is Maya for different, that is why
unlimited Shetty does, well, let us
talk about the thing further, the
mystery Arasu relation, if in any
kind of aspiration,
in hospitals  If a son is not available, like if
a son was not available at the time, okay,
or if it is not possible to take the customer to the hospital, then
you
can take hospital insurance for the patient, meaning if he is at home,
you can talk to him for treatment,
okay, that coverage is also available in it,
your donor who
donates many parts of his body also has some
medical SMS, so he also receives messages from this donor,
they can be covered in it,
okay, and messages from the roots are invested
in this policy,
that time is invested in you, so
why not subscribe for yourself - we will do that
separately, whatever amount is required will be
borne by the company separately, okay, if your time is
left in this,
if your time is
more than 15 lakhs, you get all the products like The Time Person of the Year,
if everything
is fine with you, then
this is it, find hospital
and all the organ donor SMS,
you get emergency assistant in it, like in
emergency case, there is your domestic road
ambulance, there is an ambulance assistant.  There is a
telecast system,
you get it from time to time in all the romantic roads.
If
you subscribe to it
[music]
and ambulance, whatever type it is,
then the
subscription
covers it. There is
also a plastic suggestion in it. For example, if
you want to talk to a doctor on the phone,
if in a very
critical situation, a doctor's treatment is necessary, and you don't have that much
time to go to the doctor, then
you can talk to a doctor on the phone and get
free treatment. So, this telecast system,
but who provides such a number,
which is an app, I will take a free Vijay
policy, if you enroll in it, then by
logging into the policy, you will get
these applications for Dil Dhadka servicing,
see here the customer can get the MB subscription from the doctor,
okay, all these
are mentioned in the British
and apart from this, he also provides some other services which are the
value of this service, like you have a
health checkup, okay, health checkup is
provided in this policy, for health checkup
you will get two coupons every year, but for
Idol  There are two questions for this, if you get it then it will be available,
if
you
talk about it, it is
clear that if someone
needs to pay a flat there, then in that
you have to do something else in this policy, that
means apart from submitting that expense, the
company cannot write the expenses of the air ambulance personnel
who can take the chopper, you have to
left click from there, so suppose
if you pay the helicopter expenses
around thousand, then it will be reduced,
this makes it clear that
if you do not pay, suppose you have
taken a flat of Rs 1000000 this year,
if you do not pay a flat in the first year,
then if the claim comes next year,
then you will understand that you have
not made any claim in the last year, why don't
you get 10 percent of the remaining time of your tablet, that will become
10 percent, one
percent retention of Rs 10 lakh in Raipur will be Rs 1,
but in the next year, if your flat of Rs 11 lakh
comes, then it should
not be, if due to someone it is serious, then
it will be less.  If you do this product for that, then if you do it,
you get it, that
means you get subscribed
national interest, okay, when we did
not do it, if you do it
here, Akbar has given in donor sperm,
there is a one minute bonus, that means you like it from Shanti Samiti,
he is immersed in polish
in the job and to do this,
I have talked to him and they have this program like in
this policy in
Agra,
if you go for daily running,
you get a
checkup done
[music], then
for that
if you
take some points, then
here you get
200 points out of 25000, they give you points there,
so in the next year your points get
reduced by that much, you
can apply for Oil Tech Care or
if you are getting a health checkup done in
Delhi,
you are reading that report on it, then you get 2500 points for that
and tell those points, point question of
some point, you
get points,
pen
points, you can turn on this program like this, the
more points you get now
You will
get all these benefits here in school and
you will be able to check in this program
appointed here but
if you like and subscribe to any page you
can enjoy Quid and you want to
chat online or you want to take second opinion from there,
if any doctor has said that
in this type of cleanliness two surgeries
are necessary then
if any doctor suggests any surgery to any patient then it should always be
passed on to another doctor that it is necessary to make correction then
you can talk to the other doctor telephonically,
like you get notification of such number from the app,
okay, I have talked about all these benefits, these are
all videos, okay, you
can subscribe to it, apart from this if you
want to avail the benefits then you can do that, we will
talk about it,
if you can like the video and
share it with your friends, like it, unmute,
okay, it is a very good product,
okay, then we will go to the next video, that is,
in the next slide, so what all the
benefits are there, that is, there is loss cover which you can  You
can do it in this policy but it will be done as per
your follow up, okay,
like you have a claim protector here,
okay, what does it mean on the clean portal, you
can get it admitted, whatever medical or non-
medical satams there are, it is done, it is ready,
okay, it has been done, there will be ₹50
protection, due to which this is a non-tablet
computer, you cannot put its money in the policy in Play,
that non-tribals
can check it there in Radhe-Radhe video, okay,
you have to do self-confidence in the horoscope, if you
want all the money to be yours, then you can
buy ghee and header or
pizza bread, it costs ₹200, 300,
400, it will
not affect you much in between, but you should do it,
okay, so you have to do any one of the hospitals, you have to do
one, you
can subscribe to the entire one
and
in the no-no-claim bonus, if you do not do it in the free policy itself,
because of that you get a super job
bonus of 50% here, okay  So
you get 50% bonus upfront if you have
n't claimed it, when will you get it, but you have
stopped that bonus, if you get an Android
then only that benefit is possible, so you
can absolutely do it, if you have taken a
separate decision with 5 lakhs on time, then
every year 50% of your time will be left, and then
free, whenever you do not have a plan,
you will get 10% of your time in any Paul Senior,
if you have given ₹10 to MS Word, then every
year the method is
15000 rupees, this bridge of Krishna, if you face any
problem in your job, then
you can do it,
if you
start with the question based on your problem which is going to increase, then you will get this leave
nutrition, then that leave will
not be a
benefit to you, if you
must subscribe, okay, if you have
subscribed this year and you have not done any, then
if you will continue to
subscribe,
okay, for
some reason it is
necessary to cancel the reviewer protector office, that
means you can unlock it,
okay,
nursing home benefits
Like you can check here, that is,
if someone becomes a
customer for asking the name, then it is definitely at home, there is
a vein for treatment at home,
then maximum subscription for 15 days
can come at home,
so you get
subscription
3,756, this is ₹3000
Meghnad
circulation, okay, that means 15 days cardamom at home,
you can take it here and
after that we will talk about them,
like it goes to mid family, okay, this
family, okay,
if you are admitted in the hospital,
then you
get this, okay, then
you get 10 lakh
20 thousand rupees,
if the time is more than 15, then you get 5
lakh 20 thousand rupees, you are given money for the
travelling expenses of meeting your relatives in the hospital,
okay, you
should do that, then you can do it, you have fitted it in
and you can see, this is also very beautiful, you
can also add with this,
whoever has any
quick
products, if you do that,
you have seen it  And in that,
if Vikram brothers sleep for you in practical, then from
the time you have
understood that 10 lakhs, that ₹1000000 will
come in your eyes, if you have
lacerated due to this and you have the same
disease, that
money comes in ₹1000000, but
due to that disease you are getting treated in the hospital, then
you
can subscribe, you have not even known, it
means you do not know anything, but if I
report to the police, the
report comes out that it is
there in the report, yes, whatever expenses there will be,
you have got the animal protection,
due to this you get the benefit,
you can also click on that,
when this benefit
amount is shown to you, saying that it has happened for me too,
that ₹1000000 will be given to you,
these benefits to you and the coverage of eye relation that
you are getting is your
dip products in Hindi, that is why you  Declaration
Cherry Again, your premium is
charged quite a lot. The premium has
increased a lot due to this. But you can remind me that there are
accident benefits as well. If you have a
death due to an accident, then what you need to
understand is that it gets paid on the ninth day. If
you have a permanent total department-wise death due to an accident, then
you also get Vitamin E in it, that is, if
you have this, then you get the benefit of it.
If you have any such treatment,
you can avail it through the policy,
but its money comes to you directly as a benefit.
So these are all the
advanced features, okay. I have
covered all the points in the policy, if you
can check the details in this policy, I
regularly give you medical staff contact
there. If you want to buy a policy, then
I provide as much medical staff as possible to you.
If anyone wants to purchase
this type of policy, please
contact me.
Fill in your name and mobile number in this form. Whatever discount offer is going on,
okay?  If you have it, you
can fill it there. I hope you
enjoyed this video and please share it with your friends and
family
and like it. If you haven't subscribed to our channel yet,
you
can try it. It will give the channel some support. So, that's all
for today.
In the next video, we'll talk about Healthy Lite
Replace and Healthy Lite China. There are
such numbers. The
dentist's policy is there, it is of good
quality. We'll talk about it later. So, as
I'm filling it up again,
whoever wants it, I have bought it. Now, if you
want to buy it, wherever you can get it, you can get it.
Whatever is sold online,
I'll give you a discount on that, if you have an oil portion of 25g per person,
and how much, but this is your blood that you're looking at, it's a
graveyard. If you click on it in the morning,
you'll get to know how much the
percentage of small changes are going on. So, that's it for today's
video. Okay, thank you for
watching my video. Thanks so much.